So in this example,
we're adding all the common annotations we know for SpringBoot.
So we are keeping this too for the username and password.
For the password, we're adding a length to making sure
that the password length is between 6-10.
We're adding two checks for the grade,
because grade cannot be negative and cannot be over 100.
We're adding an email tag to making sure that the email format is valid.
Let's try it. So here's our form.
Let's try to input some invalid inflammation.
Let's leave this username blank,
lets have three digit for password,
let's put a negative number here,
and let's try this invalid email.
So as you see, all the invalidation is working,
meaning all this information will not even be send to controller, the process.
You will be stopped at the validation level.
With this validation, we could protect our application from
malicious input from user to make our application more safe.